one of the most important issues and
also that has brought much controversy
within the analysis of this code
criminal integral is the decriminalization of
abortion then about his position taking in
account that within the official block
there are situations and positions
opposed between oficialista is a
democratic movement can
positions that they want by decision
only I think that seeing very clearly in the
campaign when those people that now
are we know that abortion was taken
to photos with me to win the
elections and they knew with the position read
our national development plan in
which must do our action that
do not cause so the town
Ecuadorian where people talk about
decriminalize abortion on the contrary
the constitution says defend the life of
the conception
We talked very clear anything
that is part of that life is simply
betrayal and that seems to be
happening in assembly they were taken
decisions within the block that calls
eat the corrupt press I say the
24 and May not me cost me a lot
more work
those of loyalties and betrayals of
supposed friends that the successes of the
dispensing enemies that are taken
decisions in the mouth talking about
democracy then they make decisions and
then they do the opposite to see
If you take the opportunity, look at the one
do whatever you want
and never approve the decriminalization of
abortion beyond what is stated in
current law is more if it continues this
extradition and freedoms if tomorrow
evidence not something that is very
regrettable that is happened in the block
the country I will present my resignation to
charge studying an exclusive destroy
fed up with this
fed up and deal with people who say a
thing does another thing that talks about democracy
to tell you where the national plan is
of development when the people voted
Ecuadorian that puts its
principles and we all have principles and
here is more of a major project in a
project that is doing it with the
people last if they are things so
conscience that they send the substitute to
to vote what can not be is to betray
decisions that have been made between the
vessel
very clear positions that launches country
submitted to the country so not the end
and if they achieve a group of people very
illegals
doing very well what they want me to do
I will immediately submit my resignation to
charge because for the abortion I'm
willing in my principles also for
defend life I am willing to
give up this in history will know
judge president you are alluded to
the analysts elected a little before
that is the value there is a code of ethics
that normally there are issues
of principles where we can present
an objection everyone the mind the
conscientious objection will abstain not
they will present the alternate is
our mind a movement within the
block to change the decision on the
back that is simply tradition a
stabbing at the entrance to one's own with the
revolutionary process and the president
of the republic I insist and I am exhausted
this was the mara rodeos rodeos and all
that people so long to the 20 loves and
continue this and I'm exhausted